chore(docs): update ESLint with Prettier, react, jsx-a11y (#11783)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/eslint.md

touch .eslintrc.js
```

## Configuring ESLint

> To get started configuring ESLint we recommend copying our default ESLint content below to your newly created `.eslintrc.js` file and modifying it per your needs. Reference ESLint's [rules documentation](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/) for more options. Sample rules from the plugins are also provided to demonstrate their capabilities.

Reviewer: These edits make a lot of sense to me! I do think it would help to explain which packages you're installing, though. For example, I don't see a mention of what `jsx-a11y` is (even though I personally already know). What do these particular packages do for you?

### Integrating ESLint with VS Code

Adding ESLint to VS Code needs a little more configuring unlike the Prettier extension [as described in the Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-zero/#set-up-a-code-editor). Refer to the following steps to add and configure ESLint:

1. Open the extensions view on VS Code (View => Extensions).
2. Search for “ESLint”.
3. Click “Install”
4. Open your VS Code settings as JSON (CMD/Ctrl+Shift+P => "Preferences: Open Settings (JSON)")
5. Input the following, we will cover:
6. Disabling VS Code's built-in formatting
7. Enabling ESLint validation
8. Enabling ESLint auto-fix on save

```json:title=settings.json
{
  // ...
  "editor.formatOnSave": false,
  "eslint.autoFixOnSave": true,
  "eslint.validate": ["javascript", "javascriptreact"]
  // ...
}
```

It is important to note that by disabling VS Code's built-in formatting, HTML files and alike will not be formatted. But not to worry, you can re-enable settings per language:

```json:title=settings.json
{
  // ...
  "[html]": {
    "editor.formatOnSave": true
  }
  // ...
}
```

## Conclusion

> Now you have a powerful environment formatting and highlighting mistakes as you go! To summarize, in this section we learned to:

Reviewer: This would be more consistent with `you` instead of `we`.

```js:title=.eslintrc.js
module.exports = {
  extends: [
    "plugin:react/recommended",
    "plugin:jsx-a11y/recommended",
    "prettier",
    "prettier/react",
  ],
  plugins: ["prettier", "react", "jsx-a11y"],
  parser: "babel-eslint",
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 8,
    ecmaFeatures: {
      impliedStrict: true,
      classes: true,
      jsx: true,
    },
  },
  env: {
    browser: true,
    es6: true,
  },
  settings: {
    react: {
      version: "latest",
    },
  },
  rules: {
    // https://github.com/yannickcr/eslint-plugin-react#configuration
    "react/jsx-filename-extension": ["warn", { extensions: [".js", ".jsx"] }],
    "react/jsx-uses-react": "error",
    "react/react-in-jsx-scope": "error",
    "react/no-deprecated": "error",
    "react/prefer-stateless-function": "warn",

    // https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y#supported-rules
    "jsx-a11y/accessible-emoji": "warn",
    "jsx-a11y/anchor-is-valid": "warn",
    "jsx-a11y/alt-text": "warn",

    // prettier - gatsby-starter-default options
    "prettier/prettier": [
      "error",
      {
        printWidth: 80,

>         tabWidth: "error",

Reviewer 2: I think this should be something like this
```suggestion
        tabWidth: 2,
```
otherwise it fails

Author: oh wow good catch. I replaced all 2's with "error" to make it more readable to newcomers, but I did not even catch that.

        useTabs: false,
        semi: false,
        singleQuote: false,
        endOfLine: "lf",
        jsxSingleQuote: false,
        trailingComma: "es5",
        bracketSpacing: true,
        jsxBracketSameLine: false,
        arrowParens: "avoid",
      },
    ],
  },
}
```

### Understanding the Plugins

In the example configuration file above we explored a few plugins, as well as *extending* their recommended rule sets. Now we will discover the purpose of including these plugins and their value.

#### eslint-plugin-react

The React plugin assists your development experience with Gatsby by helping you remember to validate props, include default props, importing React any time JSX is used, and enforce handler naming convention (e.g. `handleClick()`). It requires a version to be specified, therefore can even prevent usage of deprecated implementations. Since Gatsby development utilizes React this is an excellent addition to accelerate your experience by bypassing errors before they're made.

#### eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y

> In short, A11Y means “accessibility”

> The [A11Y Project](https://a11yproject.com/) focuses in reinforcing accessibility in your code, ensuring your new Gatsby project can be used effectively by those with visual or auditory impairment. This plugin helps you remember to include alternative text to image tags, [ARIA](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA) props, and eliminating redundant role properties. Accessibility is often overlook, and by doing so can hinder the ability to provide a phenomenal user experience. Including this plugin and its recommended rule set reduces the time required to implement accessibility by reminding you throughout development.

Reviewer: While I love the A11y Project, it isn't related to the eslint a11y plugin. A better thing to link to would be the plugin docs:
```suggestion
The [eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y](https://github.com/evcohen/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y) tool is an accessibility linter for your code, helping you develop more inclusive Gatsby projects. This plugin encourages you to include alternative text for image tags, validates [ARIA](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA) props, and eliminates redundant role properties, among other things. 

Accessibility is often overlooked, and by developing with it in mind we can provide a phenomenal user experience. Including this plugin and its recommended rule set reduces the time required to implement accessibility by reminding you throughout development.
```
